# Hypermedia-Project-Part1
## Project analysis
We must see the end user of our Curriculum as a very demanding individual in the search for job opportunities. With this Curriculum, our goal should be to meet their needs, providing an effective and visually appealing template that simultaneously showcases our skills, work experience, and education.We could see this end user as a professional who masters the subject with a wide range of skills and experiences. As characteristics, we could highlight that he is surely a professional with years of experience in the sector and that he has a wide track record and a lot of experience. Also, we can emphasize that it must have the need to differentiate itself from the rest in a competitive labor market and that is why our curriculum vitae must demonstrate that we are also able to do it and that, related to this aspect , the end user must look for someone who is ambitious and who wants to advance in their career path, which entails commitment, effort and dedication to the field in which they are looking for work. In my project, it must be able to find characteristics that differentiate it from the rest in a positive way so that it can stand out above the rest along with a structure, either by combining font, colors, layout, etc. which allows the user to have a good image at first sight.
Having a single page project, not much information can be given regarding the "information architecture". Of this, I must emphasize that I have organized the structure in two columns, where on the left there is a section of ways to get in touch with me, together with a link to the personal "linkedIn", the skills that they define me, the languages I speak and their level and the computer knowledge I have been acquiring during my studies. The right column starts with a short introduction, followed by my work history with information about what I did at work.
At last, there is my academic record. Finally, regarding the visual design, I have taken a palette of colors that I think that represent the world of computing. On a very light blue background, there is the template with a slightly darker blue. On this, the part of the right column is in white to stand out and the header, in a much darker blue. The font, black minus the header title, has a style that I think is simple but beautiful to look at.
## Link to the Figma project
https://www.figma.com/file/83TKyVmG0ZkX6AiuvDvT4s/Session-2?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=qVqMTobGSzEgMstN-1
